RHDHBUGS-1109 - Added OLM framework prerequisites for AKS (#1382)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring/proc-using-the-operator-to-run-rhdh-with-your-custom-configuration.adoc

* Injects environment variables provisioned in your custom secrets.

.Prerequisites
* By using the {platform-cli-link}, you have access, with developer permissions, to the {platform} cluster aimed at containing your {product-short} instance.

> * Your {ocp-short} administrator has installed the {product} Operator in {ocp-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your administrator has installed the {product} Operator in the cluster.
```

This is supposed to be common to all platforms, right? I guess it should be generic or use the right platform.. Otherwise, it is a bit weird to see this in the [AKS docs](https://redhat-developer.github.io/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/pr-1382/install-rhdh-aks/#using-the-operator-to-run-rhdh-with-your-custom-configuration) for instance:
<img width="807" height="211" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03a9abe2-31d6-4738-b81b-f76ed98af415" />
